Rpk ballast tuner (#1818)
vectorizedio/redpanda: docs/www/configuration.md

  # Default: ''
  coredump_dir: "/var/lib/redpanda/coredump"

  # Creates a "ballast" file that can be removed in the odd case that a redpanda node
  # runs out of space, so that the node can be restarted and troubleshot.
  # Default: false

>   tune_ballast_file: false

Reviewer: I think it may be worth it to have an inner struct,
```yaml
ballast_file:
    path: /var/lib/...
    size: 1GiB
```
where the presence of the struct determines whether to create a ballast file or not (i.e., the presence replaces `tune_ballast_file`). This would have the benefit of grouping all ballast file options.

Author: I _think_ we can do this. There's some machinery in place that I need to check doesn't break if we change the approach for this tuner, but I can't think of anything that would cause it to. Will get back to you today.

Author: As discussed over slack, we'll just leave it as is, since the defaults are good enough and `tune_ballast_file: true` will be ok for most cases.

  # The path where the ballast file will be created.
  # Default: "/var/lib/redpanda/data/ballast.txt"

>   ballast_file_path: "/var/lib/redpanda/data/ballast.txt"

Reviewer: I don't think we should use a `.txt` suffix for a binary file that is filled with zeroes. I think we can just leave out a suffix.

Author: Good point. No one should try to open it haha.

Author: Done.

Author: Done.

  # The ballast file size.
  # Default: "1GiB"

>   ballast_file_size: "1GiB"

Reviewer 2: why not default it to 0? , and remove the tuner boolean check 

can we also make the change in k8s operator to add bllast file of 1G

Author: I based this on the previous discussion: https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/issues/322#issuecomment-749332437

  # Default: ''
  coredump_dir: "/var/lib/redpanda/coredump"

  # Creates a "ballast" file that can be removed in the odd case that a redpanda node

>   # runs out of space, so that the node can be restarted and troubleshot.

Reviewer: The node will not need to be restarted, instead this will free up space so that other redpanda commands can be run (delete topic, etc.).

  # Default: ''
  coredump_dir: "/var/lib/redpanda/coredump"

>   # Creates a "ballast" file that can be removed in the odd case that a redpanda node

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  # Creates a "ballast" file so that, if a Redpanda node runs out of space,
```

>   # runs out of space, so that the node can continue to accept commands while a user

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  # you can delete the ballast file to allow the node to resume operations and then
```

Reviewer 3: After you delete the ballast file, at what point is it created again to allow for the process to be repeated if necessary?

Author: It can be created again by running `rpk redpanda tune 'ballast_file'` on the host.

>   # deletes a topic or deletes records.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  # delete a topic or records to reduce the memory used by Redpanda.
```

Author: I changed "memory" for "space", since this is about storage. Thanks for the suggestions!
